on a desolate Coastal Road in Northern
Gaza s crouches next to the lifeless
body of his brother
H he's in
shock despite his mental state s's clear
on his duty to get Hassan's body to the
morg at Al shifa
Hospital several men come to
help on foot and surrounded by
Devastation and silence they start
out then more people joined
them providing an abandoned shopping
cart s recounts what happened
we were walking and holding a white flag
heading south with several other
families and then a tank shell fell from
above us my brother was holding my
2-year-old nephew when the attack
happened I don't know where he is as I
tried to retrieve my brother's body the
Israeli tank continued shooting at
us get it
it holding on to his dead brother's
ankle say never leaves his
[Music]
side on reaching alifa Hospital s is
consoled by people he meets and asks him
questions about his late
[Music]
brother members of a community Shattered
by War coming together to help a
stranger s's obligation to his brother
has been fulfilled Hassan's journey is
now
complete R Lan Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer